
Once upon a time,

It all started one rainy evening as Sahtopi was banging away at their Darwin
computer's keyboard. Talkin to his fellow gamers in a server of discord. Very
creeped out that this story knows their name. Playing some Overwatch, wrecking
some noobs. Some people didn't think the universe be like it is, but it do. He
decided to start his own frozen yogurt shop and call it Microsoft. No copyright
law in the universe can stop me! - he said. "Why not?" the universe replied.
But, little did he know...

There was a kid in Software Engineering 1 who had no idea what he was doing.
There was a man named Sam. He loved universe so much. But the universe was
indifferent.

A new day started A day filled with sunshine and happiness. Dragons were
killing everyone Winter is comming, Nothing burns like the cold. This is your
last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill - the
story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe.
You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the
rabbit-hole goes. Remember that all I am offering is the truth. He tried to
take the blue pill, but there was a mix-up.  You would never guess what
happened next. A bird crashed through his basement window!But that was okay
with me.

You would never guess what happened next. A bird crashed through his basement
window! It was Errol, who had just recovered from hitting the Weasley's window.
In bird culture, this is considered a dick move. He began to eat it with great
ferocity. Chowing down on some pancakes and waffles. It was one of his favorite
meals. And I yelled to the cabbie, 'Yo home smell ya later.' I looked at my kingdom. I was finally there to sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air In other
news, that's also why bears love honey. Since he didnt know what he was doing
he failed the class. How amazing! There is no hope What am I going to do next?
I decided to become the most wild breakdancer on the streets. I will beat all
the breakdancers. And the smell was just fantastic.I'll be wearing my baggy
tracksuit and high-top sneakers.Beetoven with almost certain probability was of
African Descent! Beetoven with almost certain probability was of African
Descent!

The end.
